- He's an American computer programmer,
an internet entrepreneur.
He's best known as one of
the co-founders of the social
networking website, Facebook.
His personal net worth is estimated to be
38.6 billion dollars.
He's Mark Zuckerberg, and here are his
Top 10 Rules for Success.
- First of all, focus on it.
I think like,
you basically get what
you spend your time doing.
I want the company to build
three products this year,
and we're going to work on
a few others because people
are interested in them, but
those are the three things
that I'm going spending
my product time on. Right?
You get what you put into it.
If you spend a third of
your time trying to make the
people around you better
through getting better people,
mentoring, getting them to be better,
getting the best people in
your organization and you're
known to more impactful roles
then I think over time that's just accrues
and you get a better organization.
We've had this tradition
for, I don't know,
probably seven or eight
years at the company,
where every week we have a Q&A
where employees can come
and ask me any question
that they want, about what's going on
and what the direction of
the company is or questions
or things that they read
about in the press or
that their friends who use the product,
what they're asking them.
And it's been this really
important tradition for us.
Both because we really believe
in openness and communication
and that kind of what
Facebook is all about,
but it's also really important for me
and for running the company
to be able to get feedback,
and to be able to learn
what's on people's minds,
what are employees and folks
who are a part of our team are
thinking about, and just kind of,
a lot of the time, there are
good questions that people ask
that change the way that we,
that we think about what we're building
and what we're here to do in the world,
that often makes us go
think and re-evaluate
how we should be approaching
different problems.
So many things go wrong when
you're starting a company,
and often I think people ask,
"What mistakes should you avoid making?"
And my answer to that is
don't even bother trying to avoid mistakes
because you're going to
make tons of mistakes.
And the important thing is
actually learning quickly
from whatever mistakes you
make and not giving up.
There are things every single
year of Facebook's existence
that could have killed us
or made it so that it just
seemed like moving forward and
making a lot of progress
just seemed intractable,
but you just kind of bounce back
and you learn and nothing is impossible,
you just have to kind of keep
running through the walls.
I don't hire people who I
wouldn't work for myself.
I think that's a really good
heuristic because every one
knows there's the saying like,
"A players hire A players and
B players hire C players",
which is like good people
hire good, you know.
And I don't think that that's
that informative cause I mean,
- It's not that useful.
- What are you going to say?
Just someone in your organization,
- Hire better people.
- Says you're a B player,
you don't get to hire
people, like I mean, no.
(audience chuckles)
I think a lot of the time the
problem is you don't actually
know, sometimes you're like
trying to figure out how good
someone is if you didn't think
they were good, you wouldn't
have hired them, but the
heuristic of only hiring people
who you would work for
tends to be pretty good, I think,
because then it's like, then you know.
It's like, I would not for
this person then OK I'm not
going to like stretch just because
I need to fill a role today.
When you're starting something,
it's just kind of hard, you
need to be pretty headstrong
about it, there's going to
be all these challenges that
come up, and I think the main
thing that you need to do is
just not give up. Right?
And kind of know what you want to do and,
the best entrepreneurs that who I've met,
don't really start companies
because their goal is
to build a company.
They do it because they want
to make a change in the world,
and help people.
And I think if you kind
of stay true to that
and if you just focus on kind
of powering through no matter
what the challenges are that
will inevitably come up in your
path, then you'll find that
there are lots of tools that are
available and a lot of people who will
help you build what you're building.
One definition that I have for a good team
is a group of people that makes
better decisions as a whole
than would individually
make as a sum of the parts.
And when you're,
I think most smart people
like learning, right?
That's like one of the thrills
of starting a company, right?
Is you're just, the learning
curve can be so steep
and if you can set up a
team dynamic, where you're
constantly learning from the
people around you then, I mean,
what's better? Right?
These are the people I wake
every morning and I want to,
I want to go learn from and work from.
- Is that one of your heuristics
for hiring people too,
like, hire people that you learn from?
- Yeah. And when building
a team, you want it to,
you want to think about the
dynamics so that way you can
maintain this property that
the team makes better decisions
as a group than any individual would.
I always kind of like,
I get a little upset whenever
any media attention focuses on
me, personally, and me leading
Facebook, much less a movie.
(laughs)
- It's been kind of a bad year, hasn't it?
- It turned out okay.
- Time, McAvinue
- It turned out great.
The Time thing was awesome.
(audience laughs)
That was really flattering, but like,
I think that it's one of
these things that the media
systematically gets wrong is that
this idea that it's a person.
It's never a person.
It's always a team and
the most important thing,
if you are an entrepreneur,
trying to build something is
you need to build a really good
team and that's what I
spend a lot of my time on.
I spend probably, at least,
three hours a day with
our core team at doing things.
I spend probably 25%
of my time recruiting,
finding good people,
both outside the company
and inside the company to
put in more impactful roles.
So there's this inherent
conflict in the system, though,
which is are we trying to
optimize newsfeed to give each
person, all of you guys, the
best experience when you're
reading or we're trying to help
businesses to just reach as
many people as possible.
And in every decision that
we make, we optimize for the
first.
For making it so that when,
for the people, who we serve,
who use Facebook and are reading
newsfeed get the very best
experience that they can.
That means that if a business
is sharing content that's
going to be useful for
them, then we'll show that.
But that means that if the
business is sharing content that
isn't going to be useful for
them, we may not show that
because it's probably more
important that they learn about
their friends who had a baby
and their baby is healthy.
So that's an important guiding
principal for how we think
about this stuff, and as the
products continue to develop
there's just going to be more
people sharing more things and
we're going to continue to try
to do our best at showing the
best thing that we can,
understanding that there's
no way that we can,
that a person will ever take
the time to go through every
one of the 1,500 things that
are shared with them every
single day, but that's kind
of how I think about organic
reach and there are a lot
of pages that are going,
that are doing quite successfully
and their organic reach is
growing quite a bit because
they're delivering content to
people that they really want.
So if you're a business owner
and you're thinking about how
to use your free page on Facebook,
I would just focus on trying
to publish really good content
that's going to be
compelling to your customers
and the people who are following you.
You know, I actually spend a
bunch of time analyzing and
reflecting on why it was that
we were even able to do it
because, like all reason
suggests that we shouldn't have
been able to do it, right?
Because all these other companies
had way more engineering
power and,
and servers and time and
money and all this stuff
and I actually think that this
is a pretty instructive thing
for anything that you want
to go do because this is,
the same property is going to
be true for anything that you
guys start, is that someone
else is going to have more
resources and be able to do it.
The reason why I think we
actually ended up being the ones
doing it is because we just
cared way more about it than
everyone else.
Right, so, there were always
projects at some of these other
companies that were these
hobbies, but we always thought
that it was this really important
thing and really just like
felt in our gut and our heart
that we wanted to do it,
and you know, early on there
were all these skeptics saying
that 'Oh, this can't be a business,"
we didn't actually care that
much about it being a business
early on, but a lot of the
reason why bigger companies
didn't invest in it was because
it wasn't clear that there
was a model that would work for it.
- [Interviewer] It seemed like a bad idea.
- Yeah, and I actually think
that that's true for a lot of
the best ideas.
Where it is that it's not
that someone else can't do it,
they actually can,
and the odds are sacked against you,
but I think often that belief
in the fact that you just care
so much about what you're
doing is the only thing that
kind of drives you to do it and,
you know, to be honest, that
kind of drives me to this day,
I mean, one of the big emphasis
points for the company right
now is internet.org and for a
while we had this rallying cry
of can we connect a billion
people and when we start talking
about that we thought
that was crazy, right?
It was way bigger than any
service in the world that had
been built and it was ten digits long.
It felt crazy, we'd never get to that.
But then the thing is, as we
started to actually get closer
to that, we took a step
back and we're like,
'Alright, well, our mission
isn't actually to get 1 in 7
people in the world to be
connected, it's we want to connect
everyone',
so it's a big issue that only
around the third of the people
in the world have access
to the internet and that's
something that we think that
we can do something about and,
similar to early Facebook,
there's no business model around this,
I mean, all the people who have
all the money in the world,
I mean, it's not necessarily a fair thing,
are already the people who are
on Facebook in the first 7th
of the world, but we just
believe really strongly that,
it's like this is what we are here to do,
this is what our company cares about,
I care about it,
the team cares about it,
our culture cares about it,
so we're just going keep pushing
on it and I actually think
a lot of the reason why great
stuff gets built is because
it's kind of irrational at the time,
but so it kind of selects where the people
who cares the most about it doing it.
But the students around me
were really important, as well.
Right, and
both in high school and in college,
I mean, the people who
started Facebook with me,
a lot of people who are still with me,
running the company today are
people who I met when I was at
Harvard and some of them were
my T.F.'s at Harvard, right,
and you know, when the professors were off
writing papers, these were the
people who actually taught me
and then we hung out and we
had like social bonds and
academic bonds and
I just, I wouldn't understate
the importance of that,
and I mean, it's very tied into
my whole philosophy and the
product that I spend my life
building Facebook because we
just believe that social
bonds are critical.
One way that I think about
the value that Facebook is
filling in the world is that, you know,
you go through school
and, at least when I did,
people just focused on
academics, like achievement,
different areas, and one of
the things that no one really
ever taught me was like, having
friends is really valuable,
not that I didn't have friends, but like,
although you know, the movie.
- Right.
(audience laughs)
- Of course you can see that, but,
- But that first girlfriend.
- But for sure, I don't
think anyone is like,
it's not like, okay, 3rd
grade we're going to like,
now we're going to like teach
you that like hanging out with
people is a very important
development, right,
and I don't know,
I actually think that that is.
I think that that's part of
the reason why sometimes people
view Facebook as a waste of time,
but I actually think it's this
extremely, socially valuable
utility and I know that I
wouldn't be where I am today
without that aspect of my
life being as developed
as the academic part.
- Thank you so much for watching.
I made this video because
Moxertons asked me to,
so if there's a famous
entrepreneur that you want me
to profile next, leave
it in the comments below,
and I'll see what I can do.
I would also love to know
which of Mark Zuckerberg's Top
10 Rules had the biggest meaning to you.
Leave it in the comments, and
I will join the discussion.
Thank you so much for
watching, continue to believe,
and I'll see you soon.
- Hey everyone, yesterday
Governor Chris Christie
challenged me to the ALS
Ice Bucket Challenge.
Governor, I accept your challenge!
And after I dump this
bucket of ice on my head,
I get to nominate three
new people to challenge,
so I'm going to challenge Bill Gates,
my partner in Facebook, Sheryl Sandberg,
and Netflix' founder
and CEO, Reed Hastings
to do this within the next 24 hours,
so you have 24 hours to do this
or you have to donate $100.
All right, here we go!
That was really cold.
I think that that's why you
become an entrepreneur, right.
Like, you don't get to pick
your partners a lot of the time.
But you do get to pick your organization,
and you do get to pick who
you partner with, I mean,
sometimes you may be forced by
circumstances to try to work
with people who aren't your
top pick to have to work with,
but you get say over all this stuff, and
I don't know,
don't be a victim.
Make it happen.
But no, I think the real story is just,
you know, a lot of hard work.
I mean, that's a lot of
people who are engineers
who kind of sit around and code
and were here because we're
trying to help people connect
and we believe deeply in this mission and,
you know, our community today
has 1.35 billion people in it
and there's 7 billion people in the world,
we want to connect all of them.
And that's why we're here.